♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ IT'S TIME TO D-D-D-DUEL ♪
Roland: IF YUGI
DOESN'T SHOW UP SOON,
YOU AUTOMATICALLY
WIN THE DUEL, SIR!
HMM.
HE'D BE A FOOL
NOT TO SHOW UP!
MR. KAIBA...
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT
HE ONLY HAS TWO MINUTES!
THANKS TO WHEELER'S
LITTLE MISHAP,
YUGI'S WASTING HIS TIME
IN THE MEDICAL WARD.
BUT EVEN HIS
PATHETIC FRIENDS
CAN'T KEEP HIM
AWAY FROM OUR DUEL.
FOR, WHOEVER WINS FACES MARIK
FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP.
Yami-Yugi: YUGI...
WE MUSN'T LET
JOEY'S STRUGGLE
INTERFERE WITH OUR
CONCENTRATION.
REMEMBER...
IN ORDER TO
OVERCOME MARIK...
WE MUST GET PAST KAIBA.
HUH?
WELL, WELL...
YUGI. SO...
YOU DECIDED TO
SHOW UP AFTER ALL.
OF COURSE.
TO MISS THIS DUEL IS
TO DENY MY DESTINY.
SPARE ME THE DRAMA.
THE SECOND DUEL OF
THE SEMIFINALS WILL NOW BEGIN.
SO...
WHY DIDN'T THE NERD HERD
SHOW UP TO CHEER YOU ON?
ARE THEY TOO BUSY TRYING TO
WAKE WHEELER UP FROM HIS NAP?
HA HA HA!
JOEY IS IN A GREAT DEAL
OF DANGER NOW!
MORE THAN
YOU COULD EVER KNOW.
WHEELER SHOULDN'T
HAVE BEEN HERE
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
I WARNED HIM
NOT TO PLAY WITH
THE BIG BOYS
AND IF YOU ASK ME
HE GOT JUST WHAT
HE DESERVED...
A SLAP IN THE FACE BY RA!
AND IF GETTING ATTACKED
BY AN EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
DIDN'T KNOCK ANY SENSE
INTO THAT KID...
THEN NOTHING WILL!
THAT'S ENOUGH, KAIBA!
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
HOW DANGEROUS
THIS DUEL MONSTERS
TOURNAMENT OF YOURS
HAS BECOME!
THE OUTCOME OF
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
COULD PUT
THE WHOLE WORLD AT RISK!
THE ONLY ONE AT RISK IS YOU!
FOR ONCE I WIN...
YOU WON'T BE NUMBER ONE!
KAIBA!
IT'S NOT ALWAYS ABOUT
BEING NUMBER ONE!
IT'S ABOUT DUELING
WITH BRAVERY, HONOR
AND RESPECT!
AND MOST IMPORTANTLY
PUTTING THE NEEDS
OF OTHERS AHEAD OF
YOUR OWN!
AND THAT'S SOMETHING
JOEY WHEELER DID
EVERY DAY OF HIS LIFE.
THE REASON HE'S IN
THAT HOSPITAL BED
IS BECAUSE HE PUT
HIMSELF IN HARMS WAY
JUST TO KEEP A PROMISE
TO A FRIEND!
PATHETIC.
LISTEN. WHEELER CAN DO
WHATEVER HE WANTS!
BUT I'M IN THIS THING
FOR ONE REASON ONLY!
AND THAT'S TO WIN
THE TOURNAMENT
AND BE RECOGNIZED AS
THE GREATEST DUELIST
IN THE WORLD!
SO WHY DON'T YOU SAVE
YOUR GIRL SCOUT SPEECH
FOR SOMEONE
WHO ACTUALLY CARES!
AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED
WHEELER NEVER
REALLY BELONGED HERE
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
COME ON JOEY!
KEEP FIGHTING!
I KNOW YOU CAN GET
THROUGH THIS!
HUH? CHECK IT OUT!
Duke: IT'S JUST
A REFLEX.
HE'S STILL
OUT OF IT.
Tristan:
C'MON, JOEY...
HEY, WHY ISN'T THAT
EMERGENCY CHOPPER
HERE YET?
I'M GONNA FIND
MOKUBA!
HANG IN THERE, BRO.
POOR JOEY!
WHEN DID THIS TOURNAMENT
GET SO OUT OF CONTROL?
THE REASON I JOINED
THE BATTLE CITY TOURNAMENT
WAS TO FULFILL
ISHIZU'S PROPHESY
AND STOP THIS GREAT EVIL
FROM ENDANGERING MANKIND.
IT'S NOT FAIR!
WHY SHOULD MY FRIENDS
HAVE TO SUFFER
JUST 'CAUSE SOME EVIL NUTCASE
CAN'T CONTROL HIS TEMPER!?
Ishizu:
YOU LOOK TROUBLED TEA.
ISHIZU!
I KNOW IT SEEMS
AS THOUGH
WE'LL NEVER BE DELIVERED
FROM THIS DARKNESS.
BUT YOU MUST HAVE
FAITH IN THE LIGHT.
YUGI...
Yugi: THIS IS IT!
I HAFTA WIN THIS DUEL!
FOR THE SAKE OF JOEY
AND THE ENTIRE WORLD!
EVERY DUEL I'VE FOUGHT
IN THIS TOURNAMENT
HAS LED UP TO
THIS MOMENT!
THE MOMENT I FINALLY
TAKE DOWN YUGI MUTO
AND REGAIN MY TOP
DUELING STATUS!
THE LAST SEMIFINAL DUEL
WILL NOW BEGIN!
I REPEAT...
THIS DUEL WILL END
THE SEMIFINALS!
HMM.
ALRIGHT! NOW!
GET READY YUGI!
WE'RE ABOUT TO FIND OUT
WHICH ONE OF OUR EGYPTIAN
GOD CARDS REINS SUPREME!
SO LET THE EPIC BATTLE BEGIN!!
Roland:
THE WINNER OF THIS DUEL
WILL ADVANCE
TO THE CHAMPIONSHIP ROUND
TO FACE MARIK ISHTAR
FOR THE BATTLE CITY CROWN.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO LOSE
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
AND YOUR REPUTATION!
AND A DUEL THIS MOMENTOUS
DESERVES AN
APPROPRIATE SETTING
WOULDN'T YOU AGREE YUGI?
OBSERVE THE LATEST IN
HOLOGRAPHIC TECHNOLOGY!
HMM.
I THINK YOU'LL FIND THIS
ENVIRONMENT QUITE FITTING!
HUH?
EXPLAIN!
I JUST WANT TO TAKE YOU
DOWN IN STYLE, YUGI!
SO OBSERVE!
[CROWD CHEERING]
WELCOME TO
DUELIST COLISEUM!
Crowd: GO KAIBA!
GO KAIBA! GO KAIBA!
YUGI, IN ANCIENT TIMES,
ROMAN GLADIATORS WOULD
BATTLE TO THEIR DOOM
IN ORDER TO PROVE
WHO WAS THE STRONGEST.
NOW IT'S OUR TURN TO SEE
WHICH ONE OF US DESERVES
TO CALL HIMSELF
THE GREATEST IN THE WORLD!
SO DRAW YOUR FIRST CARD
AND LET THE BATTLE BEGIN!
WITH PLEASURE, KAIBA!
Yugi: EVERYTHING
IS RIDING ON THIS DUEL!
I'VE GOT TO STAY FOCUSED
AND WIN THIS!
Yami-Yugi: HERE WE GO!
ALRIGHT! LET'S DUEL!
I SUMMON...
THIS!
QUEEN'S KNIGHT
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NEXT I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACE DOWN.
AND THAT'S ALL.
YEAH, WHATEVER.
I'VE DRAWN MY EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD IN MY FIRST TURN!
CRUSHING YUGI MAY BE
EASIER THAN I THOUGHT!
ALL I HAVE TO DO IS
SACRIFICE THREE MONSTERS.
Yugi: I WONDER IF KAIBA
IS PLANNING TO USE
THE SAME STRATEGY
HE USED AGAINST ISHIZU
IN HIS LAST DUEL?
WATCH THIS!
VORSE RAIDER,
ATTACK HER KELDO NOW!!
HA!
FACE DOWN CARDS GO!
FIRST UP IS MY SHRINK CARD!
IT CUTS MY VORSE RAIDER'S
ATTACK POINTS IN HALF!
THIS ALLOWS MY CRUSH CARD
TO DESTROY BOTH MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD!
AND IF THAT WEREN'T ENOUGH
IT ALSO DESTROYS
EVERY POWERFUL MONSTER
IN YOUR ENTIRE DECK!
[GASP]
KAIBA MAY TRY TO
DESTROY MY DECK
LIKE HE DID TO ISHIZU'S.
BUT THEN AGAIN,
KNOWING KAIBA,
HE'S GOT A WHOLE NEW
STRATEGY PLANNED FOR ME!
AND NOW...
I SUMMON MY X-HEAD CANNON!
IN ATTACK MODE!
[ROARING]
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
A MAGIC CARD!
DOES IT LOOK FAMILIAR?
Yami-Yugi:
IT'S SPELL SANCTUARY!
YES AND IT LETS US BOTH
MOVE ONE MAGIC CARD
FROM OUR DECK TO OUR HAND.
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU WERE WRONG
WHEN YOU SAID I NEVER HELP OUT
ANYONE BUT MYSELF, YUGI!
NOW...
CHOOSE THE MAGIC CARD
THAT I WAS NICE ENOUGH
TO LET YOU HAVE
SO I CAN MOVE ON!
Yugi: THAT WAS WEIRD.
WHY WOULD KAIBA WANT ME
TO HAVE INSTANT ACCESS
TO MY FAVORITE
MAGIC CARD?
WHICHEVER CARD HE CHOSE
MUST HAVE BEEN WORTH
THE RISK!
I'LL PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
AND END MY TURN.
BEFORE LONG,
YUGI WILL BE STARING INTO
THE FACE OF DEFEAT!
Tristan:
YO, MOKUBA.
WHAT'S UP WITH
THE RESCUE TEAM?
I CAN'T GET THROUGH!
SOMETHING'S INTERFERING
WITH OUR COMMUNICATIONS.
WE NEED THAT
HELICOPTER NOW!
MAYDAY! THIS IS
AN EMERGENCY! ANYONE!
WE NEED MEDICAL HELP NOW!
JOEY, I KNOW
YOU CAN HEAR ME.
PLEASE DON'T GIVE UP!
KEEP FIGHTING BIG BROTHER!
HUH? WHO SAID DAT!?
AND WHERE EXACTLY
AM I ANYWAY?
HUH?
IT'S MY DUELING DECK!
RIGHT! DAT'S IT!
I'M DREAMIN' ABOUT KICKIN' BUTT
AT DUEL MONSTAS!
POOR JOEY!
HMM!
IT WON'T BE LONG...
BEFORE I CONTROL THE WORLD!
AND THE PHARAOH
BOWS DOWN BEFORE ME!
Crowd: KAIBA! KAIBA! KAIBA!
SOON I'LL GIVE
MY ADORING PUBLIC
SOMETHING TO REALLY
CHEER ABOUT.
[CROWD CHEERING]
NOW KAIBA...
MY MOVE!
Yugi:
KAIBA'S X-HEAD CANNON
IS STRONGER THAN
MY QUEEN'S KNIGHT.
SO WHY DIDN'T HE ATTACK ME
WHEN HE HAD THE CHANCE?
HE MUST BE UP TO SOMETHING.
Yami-Yugi: I SUMMON
ALPHA THE MAGNET WARRIOR!
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND THEN I'LL PLAY
ONE MORE CARD-FACEDOWN!
YOUR MOVE, KAIBA!
HMM. IF YUGI THINKS
HE CAN HIDE BEHIND THOSE
PATHETIC MONSTERS OF HIS,
THIS DUEL WILL BE OVER
EVEN SOONER THAN I THOUGHT!
NOW, OBSERVE!
EXCELLENT!
EVERYTHING IS FALLING
RIGHT INTO PLACE!
FIRST OFF,
I'LL ACTIVATE THIS MAGIC CARD!
SOUL EXCHANGE!
THAT'S WHY
YOU SPARED MY QUEEN!!
VERY PERCEPTIVE!
THANKS TO MY SOUL EXCHANGE
MAGIC CARD
BOTH OF YOUR MONSTERS
NOW BELONG TO ME, YUGI!
SO COME FORTH MY MONSTERS!
NOW I CAN SACRIFICE THEM
ALONG WITH MY MONSTER
TO SUMMON MY GREAT BEAST!
I'M AFRAID NOT, KAIBA!
REVEAL MY FACEDOWN CARD!
CHANGE OF HEART!
NO!
YES, I'M AFRAID SO
KAIBA!
THANKS TO
MY CHANGE OF HEART
MAGIC CARD'S EFFECT
YOU NO LONGER HAVE THREE
MONSTERS TO SACRIFICE!
NOW YOUR X-HEAD CANNON
BELONGS TO ME
FOR ONE TURN!!
KAIBA! YOU WON'T SUMMON
OBELISK THAT EASILY!
NOW GO!
HA! SO YOU PREVENTED
ONE MOVE.
I'VE GOT PLENTY MORE PLANNED.
LIKE THIS ONE!!
REVEAL FACEDOWN CARD!
ENEMY CONTROLLER!
WHAT?!
FOR THE PRICE OF
1000 LIFE POINTS,
THIS CONTROL PAD LETS ME
TO TAKE COMMAND
OF ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS!
ENEMY CONTROLLER...
ACTIVATE!
LEFT! RIGHT! A! B!
AND NOW BRING
MY X-HEAD CANNON
BACK TO MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD
SO I HAVE THREE MONSTERS
TO SACRIFICE ONCE AGAIN!
MY STRATEGY
WAS FOOLPROOF!
[GASP]
I SACRIFICE ALPHA,
QUEEN'S KNIGHT
AND X-HEAD CANNON!
AND NOW!
[GRUNTS]
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR, COME...
HOLD ON KAIBA!
GO LIGHTFORCE SWORD!
OH NO!
OH YES!
NOW YOUR OBELISK
THE TORMENTOR
IS COMPLETELY
USELESS TO YOU FOR
THREE TURNS, KAIBA!
THANKS TO MY
LIGHTFORCE SWORD!
WHAT'S YOUR RUSH?
THIS DUEL'S JUST GETTING
INTERESTING, KAIBA.
WHY TRY TO END IT
SO SOON?
YOU MAY HAVE BOUGHT YOURSELF
A LITTLE TIME...
BUT YOU'LL HAVE TO FACE DOWN
OBELISK SOONER OR LATER!
Duke: WHERE'S
TRISTAN ALREADY!?
THAT HELICOPTER BETTER BE
ON ITS WAY!
JOEY NEEDS HELP NOW!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THE EVIL INSIDE MARIK
MUST BE DEFEATED
IN ORDER TO REVERSE THE DAMAGE
THAT'S BEEN DONE.
BUT WILL THE WINNER
OF TODAY'S DUEL
BE STRONG ENOUGH
TO STOP HIM!?
YOUR SOUL EXCHANGE CARD
IS NO LONGER IN EFFECT!
WHICH MEANS
YOU'RE NOT ABLE TO
SACRIFICE MY MONSTERS!
BECAUSE YOU DON'T
CONTROL THEM ANYMORE!
AND OBELISK
WILL HAVE TO WAIT!
HUH! I WON'T BE WAITING
AS LONG AS HE THINKS!
IN JUST THREE TURNS
YUGI'S LIGHTFORCE SWORD
WEARS OFF
AND OBELISK RETURNS
TO MY HAND.
AND BY THEN, I'LL HAVE
ANOTHER WAY TO SUMMON IT!
MY TURN MAY BE OVER NOW.
BUT YOU'RE NOT SAFE YET!
ALRIGHT! MY MOVE!
Yugi: SO FAR
I HAVE TWO MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD.
ONE MORE AND I'LL HAVE
ENOUGH SACRIFICES
TO SUMMON
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD,
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON!
BUT FIRST I HAVE TO
DRAW SLIFER FROM
SOMEWHERE IN MY DECK!
ANYWAY, FOR NOW
I HAVE TO DEAL WITH
KAIBA'S X-HEAD CANNON.
NEITHER OF THE MONSTERS
I HAVE ON THE FIELD
ARE STRONG ENOUGH
TO TAKE IT DOWN
AND NOTHING IN MY HAND
HAS THAT KIND OF POWER,
EITHER.
SO I'LL JUST
HAVE TO BE PATIENT.
Yami-Yugi: NOW I PLAY
ONE CARD FACE DOWN.
THEN I'LL LEAVE
BOTH OF MY MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE
AND END MY TURN.
HMM. I EXPECTED MORE
OF A CHALLENGE FROM
THE TOP-RANKED DUELIST.
[GRUNTS]
IF HE KEEPS
PLAYING IT SAFE,
MY OBELISK WILL
WIPE HIM OUT IN NO TIME.
HA HA HA HA!
MY... MOVE!
[YAMI-MARIK LAUGHING]
[CROWD CHEERING]
THIS DUEL SHOULD BE AMUSING.
I WONDER
WHICH OF THESE FOOLS
WILL SUMMON
HIS EGYPTIAN GOD CARD FIRST?
NOT THAT IT REALLY MATTERS,
OF COURSE.
HA! BEFORE LONG
THEY'LL BOTH BELONG TO ME!
FOR WHOEVER WINS THIS BATTLE...
WILL BE CONFRONTING ME
IN THE MOST TREACHEROUS
SHADOW GAME EVER PLAYED!
AND THEN, WHEN THE SHADOWS
ENGULF MY OPPONENT
I SHALL REIGN SUPREME!!
HA HA HA HA HA!
Kaiba:
READY YUGI!?
I PLAY THIS!
GO, Y-DRAGON HEAD!
[ROARING]
NOTICE ANYTHING SIMILAR
ABOUT MY TWO MONSTERS?
THINK ABOUT IT, YUGI.
THIS ISN'T A TOUGH QUESTION.
ONE IS X-HEAD CANNON
AND THE OTHER IS
Y-DRAGON HEAD?
Yami-Yugi: HOLD ON!
ARE THESE TWO MONSTERS
ABLE TO COMBINE
TOGETHER!?
THAT'S RIGHT!
ANY TWO OF
THE X, Y, Z MONSTERS
CAN MERGE TOGETHER
TO FORM A NEW
MORE POWERFUL BEAST!
NOW MY MONSTERS JOIN!
BEHOLD XY-DRAGON CANNON!
OH!
ONCE I SUMMON
MY Z MONSTER,
MY DRAGON CANNON
WILL GET EVEN STRONGER!
Yugi: OH NO!!
IF KAIBA MERGES
HIS Z-MONSTER
WITH THE OTHERS,
THAT DRAGON WILL BE
UNSTOPPABLE!
SO, I'LL HAVE TO
KEEP MY MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE
FOR NOW.
BUT ONCE OBELISK
IS SET FREE...
KAIBA CAN SACRIFICE
HIS THREE-HEADED BEAST
TO SUMMON
HIS EGYPTIAN GOD CARD!
I HAVE TO DO SOMETHING
TO STOP HIM!!
AND I'VE ONLY GOT
TWO MORE TURNS
TO FIGURE OUT WHAT!
NOW MY XY-DRAGON CANNON...
ATTACK HIS MAGNET WARRIOR!!
YUGI, SAY GOODBYE!
UHH!
SINCE MY MONSTERS
ARE IN DEFENSE MODE,
MY LIFE POINTS
ARE SAFE FOR NOW.
BUT IF HE WIPES
THEM OUT WITH
HIS X-Y DRAGON
I'LL BE WIDE OPEN!
AND HIS OBELISK
CAN CRUSH ME
WITH ONE STRIKE!
HA HA HA!
YOU LOOK SO WORRIED.
AFRAID OF LOSING
IN SHAME ARE WE?
ONCE A DUELIST STARTS
THINKING ABOUT DEFEAT
THEY'VE ALREADY LOST.
Yami-Yugi: ENOUGH!
PERHAPS IT'S TIME
YOU SURRENDERED YOUR
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD TO ME!!
[GASP]
INTERESTING...
KAIBA SEEMS TO BE
IN CONTROL.
I'LL ENJOY SEEING
THE PHARAOH SQUIRM.
NOW I ACTIVATE...
LULLABY OF OBEDIENCE!
[GASP]
THIS MAGIC CARD
ALLOWS ME TO TAKE
A HIGH POWER MONSTER
FROM YOUR DECK
AND ADD IT TO MY HAND!
AND I HAVE A FEELING
YOU KNOW WHICH MONSTER
I HAVE MY EYE ON, YUGI!
IT'S YOUR
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD!
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON!
IT WAS ONLY A MATTER
OF TIME YUGI.
BEFORE YOUR MOST
POWERFUL CARD
WENT TO A MUCH MORE
WORTHY DUELIST.
[GRUNTS]
Crowd: KAIBA! KAIBA!
KAIBA! KAIBA!
MY CARD, PLEASE.
THIS CARD
WILL RETURN TO ME.
I DOUBT IT.
I WOULDN'T FEEL SO BAD
IF I WERE YOU.
SLIFER WAS BURIED
SO DEEP IN YOUR DECK
YOU NEVER WOULD HAVE
DRAWN IT ANYWAY.
HA HA HA HA!
HA! IT APPEARS SETO KAIBA
OUTWITTED THE PHARAOH.
BOTH EGYPTIAN
GOD CARDS ARE MINE!
KNOW WHY!?
BECAUSE EVERYONE GETS
WHAT THEY DESERVE!
YES, I AGREE.
AND I WANT TO THANK YOU
FOR HELPING ME CLAIM
WHAT I DESERVE.
WHAT!?
KNOWING HOW GREEDY
YOU ARE, KAIBA,
I SUSPECTED
YOU MIGHT TRY AND
TAKE MY SKY DRAGON.
SO I WAS READY!
REVEAL MAGIC CARD!
EXCHANGE!
WHAT!? OH NO!
NOW HE CAN TAKE A CARD
FROM MY HAND!
Yugi: I'LL NEVER FORGET
THE LAST TIME I USED
THIS CARD.
IT HELPED ME
RESCUE JOEY FROM
MARIK'S MIND CONTROL!
WELL, GO AHEAD...
PICK ONE OF THE CARDS
IN MY HAND.
YOU CAN HAVE
ANYONE YOU WANT
INCLUDING THE RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON.
IT'S...
DA CARD...
I GAVE... YUGE!
MY... RED EYES!
Marik: I'M IN CONTROL
OF YOUR BODY
AND YOU WILL TAKE
THAT RED EYES!
NO...
YUGI NEEDS IT...
I CAN'T!
[GRUNTS]
[GASP]
AWESOME!
YOU DIDN'T TAKE IT!
HA! YEAH JOEY!
I KNEW
YOU COULD DO IT!
JOEY FOUGHT OFF
MARIK'S DARK POWER
ONCE BEFORE...
AND I KNOW
HE CAN DO IT AGAIN!
IN THE MEAN TIME,
I HAVE TO DEFEAT
KAIBA AND GET TO
THE NEXT ROUND.
Yami-Yugi: I BELIEVE
YOU OWE ME A CARD
KAIBA.
SO GIVE SLIFER
BACK TO ME.
Yugi: ALL RIGHT!
NOW WE'RE
BACK ON TRACK!
HUH.
Yami-Yugi:
NOW YOU PICK ONE.
SO WE CAN GET ON
WITH OUR DUEL.
UHH!
HMM.
I APPRECIATE YOUR HELP.
SLIFER'S IN MY HAND
THANKS TO YOU!
[GROWLS]
[CROWD CHEERING]
YUGI! YUGI! YUGI...